README.md, before:

<h1 align="starting">Heyy!👋,I'm Divya Mer</h1>
<h2 align="center">Passionate Software Development</h2>



## 🌐 Socials:
[![Bluesky]https://bsky.app/profile/divyaskies.bsky.social[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/1462839323648069831) [![LinkedIn]https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyamer/
[![X]https://x.com/divyaskies
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@https://youtube.com/@divyamer-u3t2n?si=Wv2JkelInE5l8vuO) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:divyamer066@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Proto.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Proto.io-161637?style=for-the-badge&logo=proto.io&logoColor=00e5ff) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Codectrix-0&theme=ambient_gradient&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Codectrix-0&theme=ambient_gradient&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Codectrix-0&theme=ambient_gradient&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Codectrix-0&theme=moltack&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=vetical&theme=light)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Codectrix-0&limit=5&theme=gruvbox_light&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Codectrix-0&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise social links and include GitHub stats
Updated social media links and added GitHub stats section.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="starting">Heyy!👋,I'm Divya Mer</h1>
<h2 align="center">Passionate Software Development</h2>



## 🌐 Socials:
[![Bluesky](https://img.shields.io/badge/bluesky-0285FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=bluesky&logoColor=%23FFFFFF)](https://bsky.app/profile/https://bsky.app/profile/divyaskies.bsky.social) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/1462839323648069831) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyamer/) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/https://x.com/divyaskies) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:divyamer066@gmail.com) 
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Codectrix-0&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Codectrix-0&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Codectrix-0&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Codectrix-0&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) --

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Proto.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Proto.io-161637?style=for-the-badge&logo=proto.io&logoColor=00e5ff) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Codectrix-0&theme=ambient_gradient&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Codectrix-0&theme=ambient_gradient&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Codectrix-0&theme=ambient_gradient&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Codectrix-0&theme=moltack&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=vetical&theme=light)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Codectrix-0&limit=5&theme=gruvbox_light&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Codectrix-0&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
